OSDOCS-18266: Added options to nw-multus-bridge-object.adoc (#110459)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-multus-bridge-object.adoc

|The CNI specification version. The `0.4.0` value is required.
endif::microshift[]

|`disableContainerInterface`
|Boolean

> |If set to `true`, a network interface is created inside the network namespace of a container. The default is `false`.

Reviewer: This parameter is pretty mysterious to me.
[Upstream documentation](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/bridge/) says:
> Set the container interface (veth peer inside the container netns) state down. When enabled, IPAM cannot be used.

And I confirm this behavior from the plugin code, as it avoids the `netlink.SetLinkUp()` if that parameter is true.

Do we have any contact to understand why, in some scenarios, it is suggested to set it to true?
https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/virtualization/networking#virt-linux-bridge-nad-port-isolation_virt-connecting-vm-to-linux-bridge

If not, I'd state that the interface is not brought up by the CNI plugin.

Reviewer 2: Hi @zeeke! This is required for VMs.

This is how VM migration is done:

1. VM runs in a Pod on node 1
2. Live migration is started
3. A new Pod is created on node 2
4. VM starts getting migrated to the new Pod
5. Once all data is moved, the source pod gets deleted, VM in the new node gets unpaused
6. Migration is complete

Before this `disableContainerInterface` was introduced, what would happen was: As soon as step 3 happened, the interface in the new Pod would be given link-local IP address, the network fabric would be notified about the IP and its associated MAC now being available in the destination worked, and this would break connectivity - steering traffic to the new node even before the VM becomes available there.

With `disableContainerInterface`, we make sure that the interface gets set up on KubeVirt's own terms, preventing this early switch.

Reviewer: @phoracek thanks for clarifying!
So, the upstream doc seems good enough to me

> |If set to `true`, you cannot use the IPAM CNI plugin. The default is `false`, where the container interface, `veth` peer exists in the `netns` container, is set to state `down`.

Reviewer 3: I think that the original text [1] is better, focusing on the main thing first and then mentioning the side-effects.

[1] https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/bridge/#network-configuration-reference

> |Optional: The default is `false`, which sets the container interface (`veth` peer inside the `netns` container) to state `down`. When set to `true`, you cannot use the IPAM CNI plugin.

Reviewer 3: Most if not all other descriptions are not starting with what is the default, but with what it represents/do. I suggest to follow the pattern in which the default is mentioned at the tail.

Regarding the location, I suggest the optional fields to be place after the required ones, including this one.

> |Optional: Controls the container interface (`veth` peer inside the `netns` container). When set to `true`, the container interface is state `down`, so you cannot use the IPAM CNI plugin. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Optional: Controls the container interface (`veth` peer inside the `netns` container). When set to `true`, the container interface link-state is set to `down`, so you cannot use the IPAM CNI plugin. The default value is `false`.
```

BTW, I like less that the description uses "you", but that may be opinionated from my side.

Reviewer 3: I still think you should not place it here, but after the required options down below.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

|`boolean`
|Optional: Set to `true` to enable IP masquerading for traffic that leaves the virtual network. The source IP address for all traffic is rewritten to the bridge's IP address. If the bridge does not have an IP address, this setting has no effect. The default value is `false`.

|`disableContainerInterface`
|`boolean`
|Optional: Controls the container interface (`veth` peer inside the `netns` container). When set to `true`, the container interface link-state is set to `down`, so you cannot use the IPAM CNI plugin. The default value is `false`.

|`isGateway`
|`boolean`
|Optional: Set to `true` to assign an IP address to the bridge. The default value is `false`.

|`isDefaultGateway`
|`boolean`

> |Optional: Set to `true` to configure the bridge as the default gateway for the virtual network. The assigned IP address of the bridge is used as the default route. The default value is `false`. If `isDefaultGateway` is set to `true`, the `isGateway` is also set to `true` automatically.

Reviewer 4: nit

I think that placing 'The default value is `false`.' in the end will be more readable.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

ifndef::microshift[]
|`vlan`
|`integer`
|Optional: Specify a virtual LAN (VLAN) tag as an integer value. By default, no VLAN tag is assigned.

|`preserveDefaultVlan`

> |`integer`

Reviewer 4: This should be a bool, not an integer.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

|Optional: Indicates whether the default VLAN must be preserved on the `veth` end connected to the bridge. Defaults to `false`.

|`portIsolation`
|`boolean`

> |Optional: Controls isolation on the host container (`veth` peer inside the `netns` root container). When set to `true`, a host container can communicate only with the host or with other containers through the gateway. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer 3: This is unclear and confusing even on U/S, I need to send a PR there as well.

```suggestion
|Optional: if `true`, prevents containers on the same bridge from communicating with each other. They can still reach non-isolated ports (e.g. the bridge interface which allows access to the host or the optional uplink which allows access outside the host). Defaults to false.
```

Maybe you can come up with a better phrasing.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

|`string`
|Optional: Indicates whether the default VLAN must be preserved on the `veth` end connected to the bridge. Defaults to `false`.

> |`disableContainerInterface`

Author: Found two instances of disableContainerInterface in the 4.16 docs. 

<img width="805" height="300" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c0f02126-ff0d-4dca-89e9-9e0d9faa58db" />

|Boolean
|If set to `true`, a network interface is created inside the network namespace of a container. The default is `false`.

> |`portIsolation`

Author: Found 2 instances of portIsolation in 4.19 docs:

<img width="809" height="319" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ce3acf1-5686-42c9-8aa2-d684656493ee" />

|`string`
|Optional: Indicates whether the default VLAN must be preserved on the `veth` end connected to the bridge. Defaults to `false`.

|`portIsolation`
|Boolean

> |Specifies if port isolation on the bridge is enabled or disabled. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer 3: Same, the original text looks better with relevant information.
